README.rst, before:

Canvas Bot
==========

.. image:: https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/server/s94Rz7Ypva
   :target: https://discord.gg/s94Rz7Ypva
   :alt: Discord server invite


A Discord bot integrated with the LMS Canvas to provide students with daily reminders.

Key Features
-------------

- Can be setup to support all Canvas courses
- Daily reminders at any time
- Commands to check upcoming assignments

Setting up
----------

`Invite the bot to your server <https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=987093156531142736&permissions=85056&scope=bot>`_
####################################################################################################################################

Once the bot is in your server, you will need to initialize him.

You must execute **/initialize** command which will take in 3 inputs.

Execute this command in the channel you want to receive daily reminders in
By default, reminders are sent at 15:30 UTC, this can be changed.

First input - org
###################

You can find this on your Canvas homepage in the URL

.. image:: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1015313926738694234/1128945688932266025/image.png
   :alt: Canvas org in URL

Second input - course_id
########################

Find this by clicking on the course you want to track on the Canvas homepage and again looking at the URL.

.. image:: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1015313926738694234/1128945877835325491/image.png
   :alt: Course ID in URL

Third input - token
########################

While on the Canvas website on the top left click through:

**Account -> Settings -> + New Access Token**

**+ New Access Token** can be found under the Approved Integrations heading.

.. image:: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1015313926738694234/1128944670777544704/image.png
    :alt: New Access Token button

Input anything for **Purpose** and leave **Expires** blank or input the date your course ends

.. image:: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1015313926738694234/1128945118544662559/image.png
    :alt: Generate Token

Paste the token you get as the final input into the command

.. image:: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1015313926738694234/1128944949652631582/image.png
    :alt: Token Underlined

Example of finished command
###########################

.. code::

    /admin initialize org:csulb course_id:10908 token:21372~ast5aHVdWqAIFaVJ8ASvPYxjK1YNihbwAy9tMitupfikn0c61C6OvPw9pctzJjWJ

Changing the Time Daily Reminders are Sent
------------------------------------------

Use the **/time-set** command and it will take 1 input
which will be the time you want to receive daily reminders.

The input must be in the 24-hour clock / military time

Ex. 08:30 or 22:30

**NOTE**: you will need to convert your time to UTC

Example of finished command
###########################

.. code::

    /admin time-set time:08:30

Links
------

- `Invite the Bot <https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=987093156531142736&permissions=85056&scope=bot>`_
- `Join the Discord Server <https://discord.gg/s94Rz7Ypva>`_
- `More Help and Pictures for Setting up the Bot <https://docs.google.com/document/d/17O27VwJ_KlOzfie85Enp58lcKrB0LOo0rgvrY4XqJCE/edit>`_

Commit message:

time zone input is now required and times are now listed properly

README.rst, after:

Canvas Bot
==========

.. image:: https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/server/s94Rz7Ypva
   :target: https://discord.gg/s94Rz7Ypva
   :alt: Discord server invite


A Discord bot integrated with the LMS Canvas to provide students with daily reminders.

Key Features
-------------

- Can be setup to support any Canvas course.
- Daily reminders at any time.
- Commands to check upcoming assignments.

Setting up
----------

`Invite the bot to your server <https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=987093156531142736&permissions=85056&scope=bot>`_
####################################################################################################################################

Once the bot is in your server, you will need to initialize him.

You must execute the **/initialize** command which will take in 3 inputs.

Execute this command in the channel you want to receive daily reminders in.
By default, reminders are sent at 15:30 UTC, this can be changed.

First input - org
###################

You can find this on your Canvas homepage in the URL.

.. image:: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1015313926738694234/1128945688932266025/image.png
   :alt: Canvas org in URL

Second input - course_id
########################

Find this by clicking on the course you want to track on the Canvas homepage and again looking at the URL.

.. image:: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1015313926738694234/1128945877835325491/image.png
   :alt: Course ID in URL

Third input - token
########################

While on the Canvas website on the top left click through:

**Account -> Settings -> + New Access Token**

**+ New Access Token** can be found under the Approved Integrations heading.

.. image:: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1015313926738694234/1128944670777544704/image.png
    :alt: New Access Token button

Input anything for **Purpose** and leave **Expires** blank or input the date your course ends

.. image:: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1015313926738694234/1128945118544662559/image.png
    :alt: Generate Token

Paste the token you get as the final input into the command

.. image:: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1015313926738694234/1128944949652631582/image.png
    :alt: Token Underlined

Example of finished command
###########################

.. code::

    /admin initialize org:csulb course_id:10908 token:21372~ast5aHVdWqAIFaVJ8ASvPYxjK1YNihbwAy9tMitupfikn0c61C6OvPw9pctzJjWJ

Changing the Time Zone
----------------------

**IMPORTANT**: If you do not plan to update your time zone, reminders will be sent at the wrong hour.
Assignment due dates will also be displaying as the wrong dates and times.

Use the **/time-zone-set** command and it will take 1 input which will be your timezone.

`Use this to find the correct way to input your time zone <https://www.timezoneconverter.com/cgi-bin/findzone.tzc>`_

By default the time zone is UTC.


.. code::

    /admin time-zone-set tz:America/Los_Angeles

Changing the Time Daily Reminders are Sent
------------------------------------------

Use the **/time-set** command and it will take 1 input
which will be the time you want to receive daily reminders.

The input must be in the 24-hour clock / military time.

The default time is 15:30 UTC.

Ex. 08:30 or 22:30

Example of finished command
###########################

Links
------

- `Invite the Bot <https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=987093156531142736&permissions=85056&scope=bot>`_
- `Join the Discord Server <https://discord.gg/s94Rz7Ypva>`_
- `More Help and Pictures for Setting up the Bot <https://docs.google.com/document/d/17O27VwJ_KlOzfie85Enp58lcKrB0LOo0rgvrY4XqJCE/edit>`_
